The idea is first you get into the
link will have in the description of the site you
will click on close advertisement and there
going to carry the load is a
background music is also here you
will appear this newspaper design that
First you'll get that looked
here and will have here the cards will have
book you have not told ney yet
and this for now only has generator
When we invest but we will have
much more when you 're staying here me
clicking this button will open a new
guide will load again, you wait.
to close a mother who goes to people
do a test
you click on close advertisement
There you go and choose an account that only has
many accounts
I added the fly and I searched for it
many places that can have ones that
Do not need to let's choose this one.
tells that the movie
I'm back, guys, let's play here in the Mayan.
Where do you go with the first one is the center
of all this you will give another vetá
there you will pay this piece will catch
This password can pay and will put
Underneath a login is lending to you.
talk that is not working to
apprehension, we are going to open it
my mother here okay for us to enter
any will be delivered in any series
You also understand, but it's okay then.
shower that is a very played series
So let's get into the ass's mind.
here is perfectly entered bhutto
playing here only has a bad team, it's not the
account and nothing here I do not know if it has
a change of fifth but arrived
is every day to develop in the
agents are the creators of the
website made it here for you are the people
want to invest 1 help the way you do
could contribute more money if the
people get more people come
investing in the site and the site only
website is good then it is sold fell 15 is
Yes, what do you give us to put the
We put there just for you to see up to a
crisis shock in October
So that's what I left and what's up
get there and we try to invest in
more things said